[MUSIC]
So, building on what we saw in the last
video, in which
we create a table, we're going to build
back on that again.
So, if we just create a table again.
So, execute.
And it's going to be create so create
database.
And that is going to be called people.
And then we're going to create a table as
well.
[SOUND] And that is going to be called oh,
sorry,
no we don't need to create a database.
The database is created for us already.
It's going to be just create table, and
the table's going to be called person.
And then from there, after we create that
table what we need to
do now is, when we run that, we'll receive
that table being made.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
And, of course, I forgot to put in the
column name, so first name, which is text.
Second name, it's going to be a text field
again.
And then the age, which is an integer.
And now we will run that, there we go.
And now what we need to do is we're going
to insert some data
into that, so we're going to do Insert
Into, and it's called Person, and we
going to insert the first name, second
name,
and age, and the values are going to be
Alex
and then Bowers, and then just 17.
And when we run that,
and refresh here.
[SOUND] And if we open up that database
[SOUND]
You will see, that we now have got the.
Oh, sorry, I've got one line.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Something that we always, always must do,
once we
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Create.
Insert, Update, Delete, or Create, is we
have to commit it, which is what saves it.
And so what we do here,
is I'm just going to refresh,
and you can see here, now we have Alex
Bowers.
And now you won't actually see the number
inserted here, and the reason for
that is simply because you're not meant to
actually view the database in this manner.
And, so, it is still there, is just not
view able to us.
So now that we've committed it, if we kept
doing this again, and again, and again,
[BLANK_AUDIO]
And there we go, that's all been run, and
we refresh and then open this page back up
again.
You'll see that we got it save multiple
times.
So whenever we commit, this is actually
saving the data to the
database, or doing whatever action it is
we're asking it to do.
So if we were to now update where it says
Alex, where Alex, where the last name is
Alex, and
I was to change the first name to
Alexander for
example, then we'd do db.execute, and it's
going to be Update.
And the table name, which is person, and,
we're
going to set and then it's the column
name.
So the column name which we are using is,
I'm going to set the first name
equal to Alexander, and then we're going
to do something called a where.
Now a where is a way in which, and MySQL,
SQL lite and any of the
form of database system, will allow you to
choose what data you're selecting based
on a query, and the query in this part is
the where so, was gonna be where
second name is equal to Bowers.
And now if I was to run this
and then refresh and view the database
again,
you will see, and
again I forgot to commit, db.commit.
If we run that now, and refresh, you'll
see that
it is now, okay not too sure what happened
there.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Sorry about that, the clip sort of crashed
on me, but
as you can see here, although there is
lots of data all
added which you can't actually understand
here, you can see we've
got Alexander added there, and so it has
actually updated the records.
So, like I said, I don't recommend about
you trying view the database and text
format.
Because it's not designed to be visible
that way, but if we look at
it now, you can see that it's 8,192 bytes
which is very, very small.
And if you'd save all this data in a way
in which
it's going to be readable properly in
terms of a text file.
If you were to do Open, Open here as a
text file,
it would probably consider have
considerably
less data, but you would have to
be through all of the data at once, rather
than finding exactly
what it is by using something like the
wereclaws which we have here.
So, that is again why a database is going
to be useful.
We can select data based on a query,
rather
than inspecting all the data and querying
it afterwards.
So, it's considerably less processing
power needed
and required to run a database than it
is when you're, when you running something
of, something called a file flat file
system.
Which is when you have a, just a text
file, or a .xml file,
or one of those files which can store
data, and .plist is another example.
So thank you for watching, and-
[MUSIC]